Q: In the design Uber problem, when a user gets assigned a car, how can we ensure only 1 user gets matched with 1 driver under concurrent loads? Would this be wrapped in a transaction? 

A: Transactions also results in locks. Just that the lock is held by the database itself. While CAS is lock free. You can decide which lock to use based on level of concurrency.
* No concurrency: No lock needed. e.g. to-do list
* Very low concurrency: Its almost no concurrency but in a blue moon, there maybe two users working on the same doc. In that case, you usually think them as no concurrency. And chance of clash between users are low, Hence, either row level lock or CAS is completly fine.
* Low concurrency: Like uber case, there aren't many rider fighting for the same car. If you partition both driver and users based on locations, then few amount of riders are looking at few amount of drivers. Hence, a transactional solution where a single driver gets locked is fine. CAS will be little bit costly since there will always be small amount of clash between users for same driver. You can also think about queuing or batching request for the same location which will reduce the concurrency to zero.
* High concurrency: Like black friday sale of some popular item. All locking solution will fail as the number of requests in queue will be too much to keep alive. Also the waiting time will pile up even if you could keep the request alive with bigger server. Naive CAS will also fail because lots of failures. The best idea is to change the requirement such that the level become zero. example: allow some oversale. think it like CAS without actually checking the version number. The business decides what to do with the oversales (refund with free coupon / refill inventory).